Add OnPacketReceived to pseudocode (#3653)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

     SetLossDetectionTimer()
~~~

## On Receiving a Packet

When a packet is received, it may allow the server to send
if the server was previously amplification limited.

> Psuedocode for OnPacketReceived follows:

Reviewer: Pseudo, not psuedo.

Author: Thanks!

> When a datagram is received, it may allow the server to send
> if the server was previously amplification limited, even if
> none of the packets in it can be processed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Receiving a datagram might allow the server to send additional data if the
server was previously blocked by the anti-amplification limits; see
{{before-address-validation}}. This is necessary even if none of the packets in
the datagram are successfully processed.
```

Author: I removed the reference because I couldn't find that section and removed "additional data", because the amplification factor applies to all packets, not just data or ack-eliciting packets.

~~~

> OnPacketReceived(packet):

Reviewer 2: I would drop the argument to this.  Because this needs to be a datagram not a packet.

That means the function at the end should be called ProcessPackets(datagram) if you keep it.  But I would suggest that you don't need to do packet processing in this logic: this is just a function where the loss recovery code is told about what is happening in the main code.

Reviewer 3: +1. You don't need to process packets  in here, just say up above that this function is called even if the received packet is undecryptable.

Author: Method renamed and comment updated.

>   // If this packet unblocks the server, arm the

Reviewer 2: This is fine.  The alternative I considered was:

```
  if (server and peer address is not validated):
    was_blocked = aa_bytes_sent >= aa_bytes_received * 3
    aa_bytes_received += datagram.size()
    if was_blocked:
        SetLossDetectionTimer()
```
But this is fine.  In order for that to work, you need to have global state variables for aa_bytes_sent and aa_bytes_received, which you don't otherwise have.

Author: Yeah, I was hoping to avoid that because I think it'd be a substantial amount of extra pseudocode.

>   // timer to ensure forward progress resumes

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  // PTO timer to avoid deadlock.
```

>   // If this packet unblocks the server, arm the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // If this datagram unblocks the server, arm the
```

  if (server was at anti-amplification limit):
    SetLossDetectionTimer()

>   DecryptAndProcessFrames()

Reviewer: This doesn’t seem to belong in recovery. I think you’re trying to point out that even undecryptable packets unblock the server, right?

Reviewer 3: Yeah, I think this should be in the comments above.

     SetLossDetectionTimer()
~~~

## On Receiving a Datagram

> Receiving a datagram might allow the server to send if the
> server was previously blocked by the anti-amplification limits.
> This is necessary even if none of the packets in the datagram
> are successfully processed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When a server is  blocked by anti-amplification limits, receiving
a datagram unblocks it, even if none of the packets in the datagram
are successfully processed. In such a case, the PTO timer is now set,
since data is in flight and probes can be sent.
```

> timer may need to be armed.

Reviewer 3: When would it not be armed?

Author: I thought a padded ACK-only packet could hit the limit without bytes in flight, but I realize that each full-sized ACK allows 3 packets to be sent.  Updating text.
